doc: fix typo (#453)
benjie/crystal: postgraphile/website/postgraphile/config.mdx

:::

> - `defaultBehavior: string | undefined` - if set, applies a standard
>   [behavior](./behavior) to introspected objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `defaultBehavior: string | undefined` - if set, applies a default
  [behavior](./behavior) to all entities; for example to prefer lists
  over connections: `+list -connection`.
```
